Update power-bi-visual-geocode.md with state/county note (#123584)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-maps/power-bi-visual-filled-map.md

This article uses [Sales and Marketing Sample PBIX] as the data source for demonstration purposes. You can create a new report using this data before continuing if you wish to follow along.

> [!NOTE]

> > To ensure the highest level of accuracy in geocoding results within Filled Map, it’s crucial to correctly set the data category. See [Categorize geographic fields in Power BI](./power-bi-visual-geocode.md#categorize-geographic-fields-in-power-bi).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To ensure the highest level of accuracy in geocoding results within Filled Map, it's crucial to correctly set the data category. See [Categorize geographic fields in Power BI](./power-bi-visual-geocode.md#categorize-geographic-fields-in-power-bi).
```
